README.md, before:

# 100 Days of Python

## Day 1

### Projects (Day 1)

#### [1. Band Name Generator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Projects/band-name-generator.py)

### Exercises (Day 1)

#### [A. Hello World](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/0-hello-world.py)

#### [B. Printing](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/1-printing.py)

#### [C. Debugging Practice](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/2-debugging-practice.py)

#### [D. Input Function](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/3-input-function.py)

#### [E. Variables](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/4-variables.py)

## Day 2

### Projects (Day 2)

#### [2. Tip Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Projects/tip-calculator.py)

### Exercises (Day 2)

#### [A. Primitive Data Types](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/0-primitive-data-types.py)

#### [B. Data Types](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/1-data-types.py)

#### [C. BMI Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/2-bmi-calculator.py)

#### [D. Life in Weeks](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/3-life-in-weeks.py)

## Day 3

### Projects (Day 3)

#### [3. Treasure Island - Choose Your Adventure CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Projects/treasure-island.py)

### Exercises (Day 3)

#### [A. Control Flow](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/0-control-flow.py)

#### [B. Odd or Even](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/1-odd-or-even.py)

#### [C. BMI Calculator V2 Upgrade](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/2-bmi-calculator-v2.py)

#### [D. Leap Year](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/3-leap-year.py)

#### [E. Pizza Order](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/4-pizza-order.py)

#### [F. Love Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/5-love-calculator.py)

## Day 4

### Projects (Day 4)

#### [4. Rock Paper Scissors - CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Projects/4-rock-paper-scissors.py)

### Exercises (Day 4)

#### [A. Random Module](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/0-random-module.py)

#### [B. Heads or Tails](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/1-heads-or-tails.py)

#### [C. Banker Roulette](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/2-banker-roulette.py)

#### [D. Treasure Map](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/3-treasure-map.py)

## Day 5

### Projects (Day 5)

#### [5. Password Generator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Projects/5-password-generator.py)

### Exercises (Day 5)

#### [A. Basic Loops](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/0-basic-loops.py)

#### [B. Average Height](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/1-average-height.py)

#### [C. High Score](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/2-high-score.py)

#### [D. Adding Even Numbers](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/3-adding-even-nums.py)

#### [E. FizzBuzz](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/4-fizz-buzz.py)

## Day 6

### Projects (Day 6)

#### [6. Reeborg Maze](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Projects/5-reeborg-maze.py)

### Exercises (Day 6)

#### [A. Functions](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/0-functions.py)

#### [B. Reeborg Square](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/1-reeborg-square.py)

#### [C. Reeborg Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/2-reeborg-hurdles.py)

#### [D. Reeborg Variable Width Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/3-reeborg-width-hurdles.py)

#### [E. Reeborg Variable Height Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/4-reeborg-height-hurdles.py)

## Day 7

### Projects (Day 7)

#### [7. Parachute Man - CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Projects/4-parachute-man.py)

### Exercises (Day 7)

#### [A. Building Parachute Man - Part 1](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/1-parachute-man.py)

#### [B. Building Parachute Man - Part 2](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/2-parachute-man.py)

#### [C. Building Parachute Man - Part 3](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/3-parachute-man.py)

## Day 8

### Projects (Day 8)

#### [8. Caesar Cipher](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Projects/7-caesar-cipher.py)

### Exercises (Day 8)

#### [A. Greet Function](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/1-greet-function.py)

#### [B. Paint Area Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/2-paint-area-calculator.py)

#### [C. Prime Number Check](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/3-prime-number-check.py)

#### [D. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 1](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/4-caesar-cipher1.py)

#### [E. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 2](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/5-caesar-cipher2.py)

#### [F. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 3](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/6-caesar-cipher3.py)

## Day 9

### Projects (Day 9)

#### [9. Blind Auction](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Projects/5-blind-auction.py)

### Exercises (Day 9)

#### [A. Dictionary](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/1-dictionary.py)

#### [B. Grading Program](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/2-grading-program.py)

#### [C. Nesting Dictionaries](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/3-nesting-dictionaries.py)

#### [D. Travel Log](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/4-travel-log.py)

## Day 10

### Projects (Day 10)

#### [10. CLI Calculator with Multiple Functions](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Projects/5-calculator.py)

## Day 11

## Day 12

## Day 13

## Day 14

## Day 15

## Day 16

## Day 17

## Day 18

## Day 19

## Day 20

## Day 21

## Day 22

## Day 23

## Day 24

## Day 25

## Day 26

## Day 27

## Day 28

## Day 29

## Day 30

## Day 31

## Day 32

## Day 33

## Day 34

## Day 35

## Day 36

## Day 37

## Day 38

## Day 39

## Day 40

## Day 41

## Day 42

## Day 43

## Day 44

## Day 45

## Day 46

## Day 47

## Day 48

## Day 49

## Day 50

## Day 51

## Day 52

## Day 53

## Day 54

## Day 55

## Day 56

## Day 57

## Day 58

## Day 59

## Day 60

## Day 61

## Day 62

## Day 63

## Day 64

## Day 65

## Day 66

## Day 67

## Day 68

## Day 69

## Day 70

## Day 71

## Day 72

## Day 73

## Day 74

## Day 75

## Day 76

## Day 77

## Day 78

## Day 79

## Day 80

## Day 81

## Day 82

## Day 83

## Day 84

## Day 85

## Day 86

## Day 87

## Day 88

## Day 89

## Day 90

## Day 91

## Day 92

## Day 93

## Day 94

## Day 95

## Day 96

## Day 97

## Day 98

## Day 99

## Day 100

## Sources & Credits
Guided Exercises by [Angela Yu](https://www.udemy.com/user/4b4368a3-b5c8-4529-aa65-2056ec31f37e/)

Commit message:

Add Exercises for Day 10 in README.md

README.md, after:

# 100 Days of Python

## Day 1

### Projects (Day 1)

#### [1. Band Name Generator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Projects/band-name-generator.py)

### Exercises (Day 1)

#### [A. Hello World](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/0-hello-world.py)

#### [B. Printing](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/1-printing.py)

#### [C. Debugging Practice](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/2-debugging-practice.py)

#### [D. Input Function](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/3-input-function.py)

#### [E. Variables](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-001/Exercises/4-variables.py)

## Day 2

### Projects (Day 2)

#### [2. Tip Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Projects/tip-calculator.py)

### Exercises (Day 2)

#### [A. Primitive Data Types](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/0-primitive-data-types.py)

#### [B. Data Types](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/1-data-types.py)

#### [C. BMI Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/2-bmi-calculator.py)

#### [D. Life in Weeks](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-002/Exercises/3-life-in-weeks.py)

## Day 3

### Projects (Day 3)

#### [3. Treasure Island - Choose Your Adventure CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Projects/treasure-island.py)

### Exercises (Day 3)

#### [A. Control Flow](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/0-control-flow.py)

#### [B. Odd or Even](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/1-odd-or-even.py)

#### [C. BMI Calculator V2 Upgrade](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/2-bmi-calculator-v2.py)

#### [D. Leap Year](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/3-leap-year.py)

#### [E. Pizza Order](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/4-pizza-order.py)

#### [F. Love Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-003/Exercises/5-love-calculator.py)

## Day 4

### Projects (Day 4)

#### [4. Rock Paper Scissors - CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Projects/4-rock-paper-scissors.py)

### Exercises (Day 4)

#### [A. Random Module](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/0-random-module.py)

#### [B. Heads or Tails](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/1-heads-or-tails.py)

#### [C. Banker Roulette](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/2-banker-roulette.py)

#### [D. Treasure Map](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-004/Exercises/3-treasure-map.py)

## Day 5

### Projects (Day 5)

#### [5. Password Generator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Projects/5-password-generator.py)

### Exercises (Day 5)

#### [A. Basic Loops](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/0-basic-loops.py)

#### [B. Average Height](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/1-average-height.py)

#### [C. High Score](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/2-high-score.py)

#### [D. Adding Even Numbers](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/3-adding-even-nums.py)

#### [E. FizzBuzz](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-005/Exercises/4-fizz-buzz.py)

## Day 6

### Projects (Day 6)

#### [6. Reeborg Maze](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Projects/5-reeborg-maze.py)

### Exercises (Day 6)

#### [A. Functions](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/0-functions.py)

#### [B. Reeborg Square](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/1-reeborg-square.py)

#### [C. Reeborg Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/2-reeborg-hurdles.py)

#### [D. Reeborg Variable Width Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/3-reeborg-width-hurdles.py)

#### [E. Reeborg Variable Height Hurdles](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-006/Exercises/4-reeborg-height-hurdles.py)

## Day 7

### Projects (Day 7)

#### [7. Parachute Man - CLI Game](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Projects/4-parachute-man.py)

### Exercises (Day 7)

#### [A. Building Parachute Man - Part 1](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/1-parachute-man.py)

#### [B. Building Parachute Man - Part 2](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/2-parachute-man.py)

#### [C. Building Parachute Man - Part 3](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-007/Exercises/3-parachute-man.py)

## Day 8

### Projects (Day 8)

#### [8. Caesar Cipher](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Projects/7-caesar-cipher.py)

### Exercises (Day 8)

#### [A. Greet Function](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/1-greet-function.py)

#### [B. Paint Area Calculator](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/2-paint-area-calculator.py)

#### [C. Prime Number Check](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/3-prime-number-check.py)

#### [D. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 1](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/4-caesar-cipher1.py)

#### [E. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 2](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/5-caesar-cipher2.py)

#### [F. Building Caesar Cipher - Part 3](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-008/Exercises/6-caesar-cipher3.py)

## Day 9

### Projects (Day 9)

#### [9. Blind Auction](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Projects/5-blind-auction.py)

### Exercises (Day 9)

#### [A. Dictionary](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/1-dictionary.py)

#### [B. Grading Program](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/2-grading-program.py)

#### [C. Nesting Dictionaries](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/3-nesting-dictionaries.py)

#### [D. Travel Log](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-009/Exercises/4-travel-log.py)

## Day 10

### Projects (Day 10)

#### [10. CLI Calculator with Multiple Functions](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Projects/5-calculator.py)

### Exercises (Day 10)

#### [A. Functions with Outputs](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Exercises/1-functions-with-outputs.py)

#### [B. Multiple Return Values](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Exercises/2-multiple-return-values.py)

#### [C. Days in Month](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Exercises/3-days-in-month.py)

#### [D. Docstrings](https://github.com/itsjordanmuller/2023-python-100-days/blob/main/Day-010/Exercises/4-docstrings.py)

## Day 11

## Day 12

## Day 13

## Day 14

## Day 15

## Day 16

## Day 17

## Day 18

## Day 19

## Day 20

## Day 21

## Day 22

## Day 23

## Day 24

## Day 25

## Day 26

## Day 27

## Day 28

## Day 29

## Day 30

## Day 31

## Day 32

## Day 33

## Day 34

## Day 35

## Day 36

## Day 37

## Day 38

## Day 39

## Day 40

## Day 41

## Day 42

## Day 43

## Day 44

## Day 45

## Day 46

## Day 47

## Day 48

## Day 49

## Day 50

## Day 51

## Day 52

## Day 53

## Day 54

## Day 55

## Day 56

## Day 57

## Day 58

## Day 59

## Day 60

## Day 61

## Day 62

## Day 63

## Day 64

## Day 65

## Day 66

## Day 67

## Day 68

## Day 69

## Day 70

## Day 71

## Day 72

## Day 73

## Day 74

## Day 75

## Day 76

## Day 77

## Day 78

## Day 79

## Day 80

## Day 81

## Day 82

## Day 83

## Day 84

## Day 85

## Day 86

## Day 87

## Day 88

## Day 89

## Day 90

## Day 91

## Day 92

## Day 93

## Day 94

## Day 95

## Day 96

## Day 97

## Day 98

## Day 99

## Day 100

## Sources & Credits
Guided Exercises by [Angela Yu](https://www.udemy.com/user/4b4368a3-b5c8-4529-aa65-2056ec31f37e/)
